{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green3\blue255;\red11\green85\blue52;
}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs36 EtreCheck Terms of Use
\fs24 \

\fs28 Before posting your EtreCheck report publicly, please read and agree to the following terms of use. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EtreCheck is frequently recommended on internet discussion forums such as Apple Support Communities. Apple Support Communities, although hosted by Apple, Inc. is a public internet discussion forum like any other. The people providing technical support on Apple Support Communities are usually not Apple, Inc. employees. They are other Apple, Inc. customers like yourself. Etresoft, Inc. cannot guarantee the accuracy or honesty of any suggestions you may receive on an internet discussion forum or web site. Please \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
review\cf3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discussions.apple.com/docs/DOC-5952"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc4 Apple\'91s Use Agreement}} \cf2 before\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  posting an EtreCheck report on Apple Support Communities.\

\b By posting your EtreCheck report publicly, you agree that Etresoft, Inc. is not responsible for disclosure of your personal information. You further agree that Etresoft, Inc. is not responsible for any damage to your machine and/or loss of your personal or business data either on your computer, other devices, or in cloud storage, loss of use, or loss of profit, that may result from following advice or instructions posted on an internet forum or web site.
\b0 \
You can always \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
contact\cf3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apple.com/support/contact/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc4 Apple Support}} \cf2 directly\cf0  or \cf2 an\cf3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://locate.apple.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc4 Apple Authorized Service Provider}}. \cf2 They\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  can provide one-on-one assistance either in-person or via internet screen-sharing.}